hello so today is Friday it's a lovely
sunny day you came right you can see my
room is bathing in sunlight and I've got
a sore throat
I'd been dodging or illness dodge
freshers flu you know halfway through
time I'm going to struggle through I've
got a super vision as I'm off to that
should be good it's chemistry I'm a bit
worried about it like psy has done what
yesterday I got my chemistry work in
like two minutes before the deadline
yesterday it was it was bad but no I got
it in on time which was good and I still
feel though that half of it is wrong so
I think my supervisor might have
something to say about that yeah
I'm trying my best hopefully he doesn't
rip into me too much see okay so I'm
back from my super agent and actually
went really well I'm so relieved I was
so worried but actually I actually made
quite an attempt to all the questions I
was quite shocked to myself I was a bit
of a also many questions and my answers
we're doing like NMR and IR spectroscopy
at the moment which the one okay that
won't okay
now I've no more contact hours for the
rest of the day I've got a ton of work
but then over there a bit colouring for
Earth Sciences because that's all we do
it yeah but we'll see it we got to thank
God it's Friday
literally and even though I have to say
that just we're feeling positive dream
on tomorrow we have got this work load
we have got this okay
we're insane I favor is still bein life
tried
she drank all of those she's a putana
shop Jesus look for money right now it's
a sunny Saturday I just left the library
and I'm off to Borah man Latin dance
class because cycle over to West
Cambridge in a moment
i'ma go get changed tie my hair back
should be good be good about to play a
game of cheat and here we go featuring
oil we have heater stash Jezza then we
have angus and then we have well oh and
I'm about to win the card game and
that's it really
[Music]
so I have come on a late night library
run I'm just heading round there now
I need a textbook for my other sciences
and supervision work so just oh it's too
late for this just want go to bed
so I chose that generic textbook yet so
I'm actually shocked how busy the
library was like last Sunday evening who
wants to be working you're gonna get
that sneak before the Week starts geez
now it's packed I actually spent ages
choosing a book I think you've gotta
find one really specialized and plate
tectonics which is what I've got to do
some work on and I went for the generic
textbook oh well like I was looking for
this pretty specific one they
recommended I couldn't find it I don't
understand how the library system works
like all this like reference like how
they organized arrange the books like I
swear they're not an alphabetical I
don't even know how they arranged them I
don't understand these libraries
arranging systems and I did go to my
library induction and they didn't
explain it then but I didn't get there
neither so you just have to like look
through all the earth sciences books
let's take science I might have missed
the book I needed but who knows today
we're supposed to be earth sciences and
physics and Shroff I've done that she
does stuff like that honey we started
physics and physics is due tomorrow too
although I'm not I don't have to hand in
with physics until 6:00 and I have got
well I think I've got a free afternoon
tomorrow my physics supervisor emailed
was like can you do Monday's going
forward I don't know if that means from
tomorrow or after because I wouldn't
have done my supervision by for eclipse
tomorrow he'll trying to get it done by
6 o'clock tomorrow you get me so bit of
an issue bit of an issue I mean actually
Monday's would be very convenient for me
going forward for mother she was um
we've been having a relaxing day in
today or not didn't walk English asleep
I suddenly thought when I was off to
Catherine evening I was like wait a
second I've been in my room for whole 6
hours and I haven't left it I was like
that's quite depressing like in this
little little space that is my room for
six whole hours because why I'm rambling
to the camera now cuz I just haven't
seen anyone all day there's such an
auntie
today I need to get a night's sleep I've
been so sleep-deprived like the clocks
going back last night was so good even
though I still got four saying it
was canceled and it's not even like it's
not once and it's not anyone's fault
it's just so why can't people turn up
I just wanted to cooks an outing but now
I think I definitely will be able to go
out next week and they're in the process
of like assigning us to crews it's
getting exciting now I've ordered my
splash jacket with Jesus College Boat
Club every what not excited for that but
no I've got to get on with this fun
plate tectonic stuff let me show you the
pages that really impressed me in this
book these diagrams oh yes
that just excites me doesn't this excite
you all this fun work yeah yeah just too
quickly after I do I do like my subject
so I'm just I'm just tired and grumpy I
wanna go to sleep but I love I love I
love our sizes it's not it's actually
it's actually a nice subject to study
don't don't I'm not being negative
hey yeah so what day is it today I've
lost track of the days okay it's Monday
and I had this morning earth science is
practical and hand it in my of
supervision work which I did get
finished last night I Felix didn't
happen last night so we're doing physics
now kinematics fun but yes it's
currently nearly 2 o'clock it's doing at
6:00 but I've got to leave for ballroom
dancing of like 540 so we got a few
hours but normally here so we're gonna
work for it and I've got some
motivational chocolate biscuits just to
get me through I've also got to do
washing this afternoon and I've got to
go buy some things in town I feel like
this isn't possible to fit into like
just under 4 hours
I'm coach right wish me luck
hey welcome to cap we have nobody
portrayed
get all those angles we a professional
Google would know that you always have
to have it that way this way
[Music]
okay it's the evening a few days after I
was planning on doing laundry but today
it is laundry time and I'm in my
bathroom because I'm gonna take on
hand-washing now I know you might be
thinking oh this page ready for this
this is quite a big step but I think I'm
ready and I've got some really awkward
things that I don't want to put in me no
more washing machine Mikasa time to get
ruined
I really want to win them again so we're
taking on the handle shame so basically
my mom kind of cheated me out with them
put you know with the stuff I need
so I've got like this thing one cap for
birth seven and a half liters of water
average Belsize wrap I've got this bowl
to do it in so I'm just under my sink
I've loved my mom back then maybe like a
spin setting in the laundry room I could
then take them to after bottom ah sure
we'll see we're just gonna we're gonna
take it step by step I've got some
rubber gloves as well because I have a
very sensitive on there already dropping
I mean so I have another trick up my
sleeve and that is vanish that I've got
these really bad stains from oil on my
bike I haven't been good and I got oil
on my back with my jeans so I pretty
much every pair of jeans I've got it has
made it quite awkward they'll have to
work all you need you each day so no I
don't ever get those stains out
let's give it track so I'm thinking
oh my god reset the pain to this tap
like it's like in public Phillips when
this happens 1% of a push down then just
goes off myself
this could be a disaster
[Music]
Master
oK we've got a pot of water okay
government number one it's not something
easy this just cuz I've never watched it
before and you know Swiss I can watch
the first time you watch something in
case it like runs or something I think
so I'm just a duck here
okay this is interesting I mean I don't
know I'm doing this right but I just
couldn't watch put my gloves on I'm
you've got eyebrows erm okay I'll just
go put a cap on them
oh it's blue
my clothes smell nice after this
got high hopes perhaps I'm being
reproached up recently by mastering but
the whole washing laundry thing why who
knew the page I would be doing that like
this soon in her life and I scientific
computing I got two marks out of tube or
my first assignment boom I like tech and
I managed the scientific completing
second session was a bit more confusing
but I think I still did okay right
I'd like two marks again oh please right
fun times from times okay I'm just about
keeping of work I've been set my first
essay this week the earth sciences
I don't bit worried about it it's gonna
like plan it hopefully the seat when we
enter it hum group that I am with my
salsa dancing and going to find guys but
I'll probably end up staying that ugly
like the last night still up late doing
chemistry last night at least I've got
it done okay now I know after this
you're supposed to fruits it and then
like get out will stuff and then hang it
up but I don't now I'm gonna do have to
revert to the shower again let's try to
think
let's try I know the sink works for
rinsing no Maria just direct to Facebook
so everyone's like oh my god it's too
much work time to do it
I'm just trying to keep up the nice
balance at the moment slap I enjoy
myself though I don't mind I feel a
little bit stressed out at work but too
bad I'm getting into it just like it's
good that's the first gone and done dude
okay that's you when I'm done to you and
I forgot what time is it
I've got 10 minutes to do it so good
nice line up now laters my mommy
[Music]
[Applause]
so I have just returned from salsa
dancing I went over to salsa dance class
with Cara and Ella and we had a great
time no it was really fun
it was a nice like way to like chill
chill a bit I'm just Samsa will see
tomorrow night look star as usual and
then my normal practicals that's all
over
I've got supervision in the afternoon
should be fun that a girl of what to get
done the evening I'm supposed to be
going to formal but now I'm wondering
with that might not be a good idea
considering the amount of work I have to
do but we'll see how we're getting on
we'll see how the gang won anyway I am
going to go to bed now see you tomorrow
ok so I'm gonna have to super drunk now
to get some essentials after a great
morning lectures just finish my earth
lab did go for coffee
you guys good view of down England
I went for a coffee in between lectures
was good it was a gingerbread latte
because Starbucks have their Christmas
menu out say for once I actually
finished my earth practical early so I'm
out before the materials lectures are
intellect Oh
that's one shot done on to the next one
I'm procrastinating so much right now
like I just love being in town problem
doing work party can si have planned - I
made a error and forgot to bring my own
bags to buy one can't stretch out these
days economy
crunch OH
good evening so this evening I am off to
a fireworks display and a barbecue
before that just some quick physics done
before I go so what you have to worry
about walking right into the evening so
that's good yeah the weather's been
really bad but hopefully it's gonna hold
off reading this evening for the
fireworks display I've got really hot so
it could be nice and cozy good times and
I am at it is a this is a head besides a
lot of vodka this evening and it's all
world's fault because he put up the
vodka and the van of life I am trying a
precedence the first time I'm very
excited and that is it really an
envelope into you that's it for another
week slash slightly over a week this
time because I didn't get around to
editing earlier this week so I'm sorry
it's been slightly longer since I last
uploaded but it's cool you get like a
week and a half and what more could you
want basically update things are still
going great I was still having the best
time ever and yeah every or next week
bye